good night everyone present touched you once again thank you very much to all who
voted for me who has not returned to work with you know my
right that the minister of foreign affairs nor ara broadband will participate
there and here it will not be more than 15 minutes and to my left that the lady
neide interpreter of pounds this is a requirement of the lady
michelle consoling i quickly started more important accusations
of the week we’re going to complement it so today’s date our federal police is
a lot of pride in the past and the last years in their actions there
special surgical tools in the fight against corruption
my congratulations on the 70th fifth anniversary of the federal police
seize the moment and also talks about the auction of the north-south railroad today
held today in são paulo to accomplish our minister is not only
let your name or tarcísio my colleague did the imi and is contested from the bed
had a vacancy was approved and he stayed there on the transport committee and
then he was appointed to be minister of culture doing a great job
and today he is participating in the auction of the north-south railroad that connects and there he is
the big west city of são paulo to porto nacional tocantins is worth it
remember that this railway was being built 30 years ago and now with this
better we think that for two years
there it is is completed
also remembering that the last railroad auction in Brazil was ten years ago
resumption of rail transport in brazil
let's now go to the truckers question before saying the following the
pre-candidate in some typical moments of Brazil I had on the lawn in rio grande
from the south I was also in rio de janeiro and here
at that time the cohesion of the axis was raised in the q not that they charged
toll in the previous government this matter was also resolved a complaint in the
electronic assembly that for sure the minister sisu
we don’t want any more new sparrows in Brazil
electronic billing is not electronic assembly
I don’t want it on his desk in a few weeks, don’t ask for eight
thousand new sparrows cancel this story is over this joke what
it happens look I already died a previous boo it is worth talking again here
because our concern is to end the use that the fine industry has to use
your hand in your pocket nothing more than that we will not find that half a dozen
people brazil is worried about you but suffered an accident on the road there
concern and even a hand in your pocket and look only at toll roads which
what happened is is that companies a percentage of what they collected from the toll had
which of course is to make works performed is the painting collection
plug-hole own then what happened
these people what could discount these
works the applied in monitoring and how love budget is still done via fine
the directory so you act sometimes they hurt the day I wasn’t going to keep
this road to the right painting budget was going to pay companies to charge
fine from you and beyond what is settled change if you withdraw the contracts
perhaps expired they will not be renewed look what is the
rio-santos highway i know very well it has a 40 new electronic source of 40
for now it is appropriate to accept resolved regarding this
interests not only hair as well as all those who drive in the car
brazil truckers right the novelty until
reported that the readjustment of the price of diesel oil will be carried out or
periods of not less than 15 days or if today, for example, had an adjustment
tchizo price review the next review in 15 days or more and more
we still had the procaminhoneiro program complained that he
the freight port porto alegre was playing a role and we between round trip 12
days he complained that a lot of people get the
freight and the return involving the recovery of the loss
departed almost all of his freight is swallowed by the new black nudist
what the federal government through the boy within the mines and energies
also agreed with petrobrás that we will have it there for a maximum of 90 days
trucker card what is that the trucker passes fuel and
filled the card over there, you know, with diesel oil, who's going to pay the
price to the deviation of the day and it was proven that physiologism
done right at 500 liters the shot doesn’t matter if the price of oil went up
or not and so this is an advantage guarantees him that his freight will not be
consuming the possible readjustment in the price of gift gold
once again congratulations to our instrument boy admiral members for
israel tarciso captain tarcísio is not even so good that he says here is also the
o our us that matters far from my side here so beauty congratulations to you
are doing everything possible with all certainty new measures will be adopted in the
next week changing the subject here airfare
you may think that it really is not when it comes to 85 million reais
in the budget is little but with the version taken by the federal government
here is the the ministries is to buy the past is and the albums that agencies
so now the tickets will no longer be purchased and we, the ministry itself
buys savings of R $ 35 million from the government
I think a lot of people will not like it yet, for sure, the staff
of the agency but I'm sorry but I think people will like it more than
you made 35 million the union spending network
I will come back here to propose this one that the ead had a month but before they had signed
a decree our visit the decree exempting the
reciprocity between the visa issue the following countries united states japan
canada australia
this visa exemption for the careers campaigns that sends bikers from the
Brazil is going to be a big gain in Brazil that has already delivered a sector that a lot of people
and Brazil was depriving itself of these tourists by requiring visas is with this
country that has tourism will be much more now with greater ease of
arriving in Brazil that the visa is no longer needed for us is there is
this should generate at least 1 billion dollars a year
additional income in terms of Brazilians
we estimate that it is usually more than that only on the first day after leaving
news on a travel website has already registered 31% more interest in traveling
to australian americans to brazil also that only that already
will generate a name is the moment of tourism in brazil for sure for example the rate of
hotel occupation regret more advantage job
some in the field had to have reciprocity
I think that at first we did the right thing
in a second moment, who knows, we will be able to achieve the future, right in the
moment it is very welcome there resources from abroad by means of tourists but it is still worth
for those who do a business in brazil it will also welcome, said an agency of the agency
kayaking at the time on the way is the moment of madness, right in Australia
of this order australia united states canada and japan
on average 30% more walkway structure for our brazil said by
that the old man here but I have participation leads to speak here to
move ahead when battisti was found in brazil where i went against
the asylum for the middle here in the deputy side candid chamber
the divine struggle much of life xavier was careful but he was
I extradited him before assuming the presidency I did not leave Brazil I know why
that the hit is and was caught in bolivia and the government claims morales has decided to send
you back to bahia the next day and regret now that it happened I want to
say he confessed the four murders the four executions of humble people
teacher and now I want to see the face of the left of Brazil that I defended as
idol on the left he belonged to the proletarian pac armed by communism arm
of the red brigades details the pt government
its actions to 90 terrorists in the world
the father was from Bolivia they spoke about Brazil and is entitled to 30 years would have
right to 30 years you spend here in Brazil when you spent
we talked to the Italian government at the time he did the same thing
possible comment so decided instead of going through the club it goes on in brazil
30 years old as he was 64 unit would leave with 94 at most 1 hour and now sorry
life became complicated because his life Brazil is no longer paradise and
terrorists wearing the cloak of political prisoner or refugee to battisti be
page turned as well as page turned that
problem right jair bolsonaro rodrigo baena
the summer rain is over we are at peace if god wants me back in the
israel hello good soul only after all now he wants to talk to priest lino maya for me it was
cause for satisfaction because any problem between me and rodrigo
understood brazil above it above volume
the symbology stop president of the federal supreme court
Brazil is above us so we don’t have to discuss these minor problems
but you know the news the press must be seen
in full yesterday with my knowledge that next week is just
you Brazilian is next week to embratur your president is
sponsoring dinner the embratur sponsoring a dinner
I think it's your valença boy was going to sing at dinner
the price of dinner 290 thousand reais
we made contact with the minister of tourism
he is simply canceling a dinner and also in view of the size
disagreement to also cancel the function there in the responsible reminded
so she was exonerated today and also part of the grid you can’t admit
passively such an expense this is a debacle debauchery towards the
Brazilian who is tired of paying [ __ ] tired of being extorted and not
having a consideration of service at the tip of the tongue will fuse the
player is resolving to turn will also have 90 win the ball roll the
subject is very interesting here [Music]
israel so befits the united states passing through chile and now we are
seeing the israel that we are going to make in mayonnaise
a lot of things are going for example from the suffrage the superintendent who is a
Colonel Menezes Alfredo Menezes must already be taking the
group of entrepreneurs is where the pressures of business and new businesses are going to be
we and there we improve our business brazil via suffering israel will be done by
beauty channel the irrigation collection collection of
December irrigation against the strike also on the other certainty
partnerships the agriculture commission creation of
fish is already there with a group of entrepreneurs in this area of ​​fish farming
jorge 6 101 son of santa catarina the boy there who must have great
exceptional quality to brilliant those our government he works with
very hard a lot of dedication is already there israel started to see the culture thing
in the desert people raise fish in the desert
the max is from science and technology and has had a few weeks ago there is dealing with
stabilization board already has a pole in campina grande paraíba that was once
boyfriend or girlfriend for those days here so that people from the northeastern area
can have access to this type of material if you get information there and if it is the case
again to apply this on your property too
the orval training of god in all things is with the cristina tereza to keep
a representative of her I want to speak to have access to this and bring here these
new technologies is what is very important in my understanding what I
talked to the ambassador and bone and josh sheehan than a colonel from
Israeli army is here in Brazil who does not want to do what has been done
in the 70s, when brazil sent out the university kids who were doing
the agronomy technicians line also to learn a culture out there that is well
better than ours today our example we who try to make covenants
exchange with israel to send our kids there also the most varied
areas the agriculture commission education
still in our northeastern dna is to also see the kids from the team to
learn here there is something about fish farming in the desert we also do is
exchange at the science and technology commission the max com said the
astronaut is a source of pride for our only pain astronaut from the
equator line of pride for us is a young man in the
internet with nokia that formed by ita that with a long time at nasa has
knowledge is passionate about what it does and is here for patriotism was at nasa
very well without any problem we invite him he promptly accepted this
fails in the first job and takes off with the businessman this next Saturday the water
there is a lot of news for us here in Brazil is ending
the idea is the only one apart from social security is the president of
commission with that justice appointed on this date deputy marcelo freitas is
delegate of the federal police of minas gerais of psl for his report then if
plays with that pending on the justice constitution committee he will give you the
its opinion as to the admissibility or not of this proposal to reform the
who is against still on Thursday against pt pc do bep sol
appears these people have no commitment to the future of Brazil
I really like you to retire if the man with 25 years old woman in the green would be
ideal but as the presence is at the moment it sunday 22 or even earlier until
the break is so that Brazil does not break the
our annual deficit in the tens of billions of reais and is
unsustainable payment of the first stage
if the pension reform was approved, the senate would be right
we will make your possible corrections we are not perfect
we count again with 513 deputies and 81 senators to improve the
proposal has the due speed so that brazil can really take off in the
regarding the economy and jobs here bringing this month
gives a guarantee that the kids there in 2030 if nothing ahead will have a
retirement that will receive her our already 64 years old street will also
receiving retirement this is essential and necessary and we
expects her to be approved the best you try and approved by the
the senate is one thing to do nothing but our enthusiasm this next
president is going to think it's going to be building a new relationship that I
I do not know more than a part of the Brazilian people whose consumption is if this goal
will only start in january the task is also process captain who has 52 capital and
good night everyone thank you very much brazil above all god above all
it cost